a group of Palestinians who are forced
to flee Gaza due to the continued
Israeli Siege and bombardment have been
reunited with a family members living in
Brazil Monica yv joins us now from Euro
diano in Brazil uh Monica what more can
you tell us about how this came about
then well this was uh the result of very
intense negotiations like over three
weeks uh since the war started the
Brazilian government has been talking to
all sides involved in uh releasing
people that are trapped in Gaza to be
able to cross the Egyptian border and
there now uh
22 people uh 32 I'm sorry people were
released finally um of these most of
them are Brazilians some are
Palestinians that have uh residency in
Brazil and others are family family
members Brazil Brazilians have been
accompanying their Odyssey since the
beginning when they were in the north of
Gaza then they were moved towards the
south then they were in shelters then
they were running out of food and fuel
we talked to several of them uh during
their their whole week they were thought
they would be leaving like a week ago
and then it was postponed the Border was
closed so everybody here has been
companying this and they were received
in Brazil today like national heroes
almost as if they were like a soccer
team uh Victoria soccer team president
Lisas lulaa was there as were some of
his ministers and they welcomed uh what
their spokesman of this group is called
Hassan and he has been like sending
videos all this time of everything
that's going on so they were all
welcomed and it was a very happy moment
in the midst of so much suffering uh in
Gaza have fin R de Janeiro for us there
thank
you